Click on the login link.
Enter your GitHub username and password.
Enter your two-factor code if you have that enabled on your GitHub account.
You will be redirected back the the application.
This page appears when you log in for the first time.
This page should not appear again after you login for the first time.
It can take a full minute or two for the site to log you in the first time you log in.
On your second log in, it should immediately log you in.
If this page is still here after a minute try refreshing the page.
If the site still hasn't loaded a minute or two after refresh, view the troubleshooting steps on the page below.
To see the log in finish skip to 1:07.